feat: make android ndk path reliable (#2081)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/start/prerequisites.mdx

- Android SDK Build-Tools
- Android SDK Command-line Tools

> Selecting "Show Package Details" in the SDK Manager enables the installation of older package versions. Please only select other than the current packages if you know what you are doing.

Reviewer: Hey @alex-crabnebula, awesome job. I left you a small suggestion, let me know what you think 😁
```suggestion
Selecting "Show Package Details" in the SDK Manager enables the installation of older package versions. Only install older versions if necessary, as they may introduce compatibility issues or security risks.
```

Author: I like it.

> 4. Set `ANDROID_HOME` and `NDK_HOME` environment variables. Replace the version numbers so it matches your installed version.

Reviewer 2: > Replace the version numbers so it matches your installed version.

For clarity, what version number am I supposed to replace?

Author: That's no longer neccessary, so I've removed that part.
